Biography
Early Life & Education
She graduated high school early at 17, and was in gymnastics and cheerleading all throughout school. She moved close to Chicago a few months before turning 18 and started working at the Tilted Kilt, a sports bar. [6]
After she left Tilted Kilt, she worked as a stripper. Prior to her career in the porn industry, Rhoades got married at age 18 to a man nine years older than her.
Career
Lana shot her first hardcore scenes in April 2016 after moving from Chicago to Los Angeles and quickly became known to a wider audience. Her first scene was a solo scene for FTV girls in which she did a foot fetish and used a few sex toys. [19] By August 2016, she was involved in about 50 porn productions. After a three-month break and the associated return to her hometown of Chicago, she is since November 2016 back in front of the cameras. Lana has worked for several of the world’s premier production companies including Evil Angel, Jules Jordan Video, Tushy, Elegant Angel, and HardX. She was in the US edition of Penthouse magazine "Pet of the Month" in August 2016. [20]
In January 2017, Lana Rhoades was voted "Best New Starlet" at the XBIZ Award as well as the Audience Award "Hottest Newcomer" at the AVN Award. In March 2017, Lana Rhoades relocated to Los Angeles. In January 2018, she was presented with the AVN Award as part of the Adult Entertainment Expo in Las Vegas. From April to August 2016, Lana Rhoades worked for the Spieglergirls agency and from January to the beginning of October 2017, she was represented by LA Direct Models. Currently, she is not affiliated with a modeling agency. [20]
In 2019, Lana Rhoades was the most searched for porn star on Pornhub with more than 345 million views. She triummphed over second and third place stars Mia Khalifa and Riley Reid. [46]
Personal Life
She is a fan of the Red Hot Chili Peppers, Batman, and The Avengers. [6] In an interview with No Jumper, Rhoades stated she had lost her virginity at age 18 to the man she married.
Lana Rhoades is in a relationship with YouTuber and social media personality Mike Majlak. The pair were introduced to each other by Logan Paul in early 2020. [3]